---
layout: post
title: Troubleshooting based on Kepner-Tregoe approach
author: abpanic
date: '2022-12-10'
category: troubleshooting
thumbnail: /assets/img/posts/troubleshoot.jpg
keywords: case flow, troubleshooting, stuck
permalink: /blog/case-flow/
usemathjax: true

---

***How to isolate issues based on Kepner-Tregoe approach***

Issue Type : Error / No Error
(Issues can be classified into issue with error where the error needs to be resolved or an issue where we do not have an error message.)

**Error:**

Issues where we have an error while performing something would need investigating and isolation by collecting relevant data with following format.

**Define the Problem:**
+ Intermittent or Constant error
+ Get Organization URL
+ Get error timestamp in UTC or local time of user and convert to UTC

**Can the problem be reproduced?**
+ Does this happen on other machines or other environments like a different organization or different browser?
+ Approval for support instance for online organization
+ Approval for Database copy for On-Premise instances  	

**What makes the problem worse or better?**  
+ When did the issue start happening?  
+ How many users are impacted?	


**What's changed or new?**  
+ What was done before the issue start happening?


**Can I reduce the complexity?** 



**Has someone else already solved this problem?**
+ Do Google Search with the exact error message in Unify Global Search and Internet


**Document the work: screenshots, logs, etc.**
+ Capture exact error message including the entire error stack.
+ Document the Kusto Query and Results/Verbose error logs
+ Capture exact steps to reproduce the issue in environment from the moment or logging into the organization
+ Get Problem Steps Recorder or video recording of the issue
+ Get Fiddler trace or console error logs from browser as HAR file



**No Error:**

If there is no error to fix either the logging is not proper 
+ What is exact ask? (could be advisory)
+ Are they referring some article?
+ Is the issue related to D365 CE?
